Advisor docs (#1347)
scylladb/scylla-monitoring: docs/source/advisor/cqlNoTokenAware.rst

Some queries are not token-aware
--------------------------------

> Scylla is a distributed database, with each node containing only part of the data. Ideally, a query would reach the node that holds the data (one of the replicas), failing to do so would mean the coordinator will need to send the query internally to a replica, result with a higher latency, and more resources usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scylla is a distributed database, with each node containing only part of the data. Ideally, a query would reach the node that holds the data (one of the replicas). Failing to do so would mean the coordinator will need to send the query internally to a replica, resulting in higher latency and more resource usage.
```

> Typically, your driver would know how to route the queries to a replication node, but using non-prepared statements, non-token-aware load-balance policy can cause the query to reach a node that is not a replica.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, your driver would know how to route the queries to a replication node, but if you're using non-prepared statements, a non-token-aware load-balance policy can cause the query to reach a node that is not a replica.
```
